{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\vieww12000\viewh14860\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Ann Conyers, Zella, Richard Grant, and Shouraseni Sen Roy. 2019. \'93Sea Level Rise in Miami Beach: Vulnerability and Real Estate Exposure.\'94 
\f1\i The Professional Geographer
\f0\i0  71 (2): 278\'9691. https://doi.org/10.1080/00330124.2018.1531037.\
Brainard, Jeffrey, and Richard Monastersky. 2007. \'93Congress Debates Climate Change.\'94 
\f1\i The Chronicle of Higher Education
\f0\i0  53 (25). https://go-gale-com.pros1.lib.unimi.it/ps/i.do?p=AONE&sw=w&issn=00095982&v=2.1&it=r&id=GALE%7CA159933410&sid=googleScholar&linkaccess=abs.\
\'93unkand Public Works, United States Senate, One Hundred Fourteenth Congress, First Session   Note.\'94 2016. 
\f1\i Economy-Wide Implications of President Obama\'92s Air Agenda: Hearing before the Committee on Environment and Public Works, United States Senate, One Hundred Fourteenth Congress, First Session
\f0\i0 , I\'9685.\
Gornitz, Vivien, Stephen Couch, and Ellen K Hartig. 2001. \'93Impacts of Sea Level Rise in the New York City Metropolitan Area.\'94 
\f1\i Global and Planetary Change
\f0\i0 , Global and Regional Sea-level Changes and the Hydrological Cycle, 32 (1): 61\'9688. https://doi.org/10.1016/S0921-8181(01)00150-3.\
\'97\'97\'97. 2002. \'93Impacts of Sea Level Rise in the New York City Metropolitan Area,\'94 28.\
Kl\'fcver, Heike, and I\'f1aki Sagarzazu. 2016a. \'93Setting the Agenda or Responding to Voters? Political Parties, Voters and Issue Attention.\'94 
\f1\i West European Politics
\f0\i0  39 (2): 380\'9698. https://doi.org/10.1080/01402382.2015.1101295.\
\'97\'97\'97. 2016b. \'93Setting the Agenda or Responding to Voters? Political Parties, Voters and Issue Attention.\'94 
\f1\i West European Politics
\f0\i0  39 (2): 380\'9698. https://doi.org/10.1080/01402382.2015.1101295.\
\'93Migratory Bird Treaty Reform Act of 1998: Hearing before the Committee on Environment and Public Works, United States Senate, One Hundred Fifth Congress, Second Session on H.R. 2863, September 29, 1998   Note.\'94 1998. 
\f1\i Migratory Bird Treaty Reform Act of 1998: Hearing before the Committee on Environment and Public Works, United States Senate, One Hundred Fifth Congress, Second Session on H.R. 2863, September 29, 1998
\f0\i0 , i\'9667.\
Park, Hyung Sam, Xinsheng Liu, and Arnold Vedlitz. n.d. \'93Framing Climate Policy Debates: Science, Network, and U.S. Congress, 1976-2007,\'94 23.\
Tollefson, Jeff. 2015. \'93Pope Francis Pushes US Congress on Poverty and Climate.\'94 
\f1\i Nature (London)
\f0\i0 . https://doi.org/10.1038/nature.2015.18427.\
\'93Vice President Al Gore\'92s Perspective on Global Warming: Hearing before the Committee on Environment and Public Works, United States Senate, One Hundred Tenth Congress, First Session   Note.\'94 2011. 
\f1\i Vice President Al Gore\'92s Perspective on Global Warming: Hearing before the Committee on Environment and Public Works, United States Senate, One Hundred Tenth Congress, First Session
\f0\i0 , I\'9670.\
}